  I am Melody Vielma, I am nineteen years old and I am a student at Seattle Central and I'm in the Year Up program. I'm in the Applications Development track where I plan to apply the skills that I learn to land myself a job as a Junior Develper. My main goal is to work for a big and ethical company. After I complete the Year Up program I am going to take the initiative to expand my skills in JavaScript and learn some Python so I can have more advanced knowledge in what I do so I can provide better service to my clients. In highschool I was a very applicated student and graduated with a 4.07 GPA and was in the top 5% of my class of approximately 600 students. My ambition always drove me to dedicate many hours to homework and studying time so that I could always be one of the best students in my classes. I faced many obstacles throughout my years in high school, such as constantly moving schools in different states. This should have negatively affected my grades in school and my mental health overall, but I stayed determined and maintained my good grades. I believe this is a skill that can reflect on my professional career as well because I enjoy challenges and they incline me to do my best. 
  
  I have two years of customer service experience at a Mexican ice cream shop. I started working at this job when I moved to Arizona and continued to work there until I moved to Washington. Throughout my time there, I learned to work under pressure in a fast-paced environment and have learned how to keep a calm and positive attitude even when things are stressful. Whenever the store was not busy I would go out of my way to do things that were not included in the job description such as deep cleaning, ordering and bringing inventory, staying after to refill items for the next shift, etc. I will go out of my way to do things that may not be expected of me, this allows me to be prepared and organized. Organization is a very important thing to me, working in unorganized or messy conditions make me feel like I cannot work efficiently. As a result of this, I always organize all my work and will stop to organize any messy or cluttered spaces (physical or mental).
  
  I am passionate about finding new things to do/experience, I am not scared to take risks and new environments/circustances always intrigue me. I am open to and always welcome change. I love being challenged inuse i accomplishing a goal because it makes me feel very proud of myself when I am finally able to complete that objective. Trying new foods, finding new hobbies, and exploring new places are all things that I enjoy doing because I do not like restricting myself to only certain things. Having a wide range of skills and abilities is my main personal and profession goal.  
